Half
an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Our top stories today,
stocks across the region edging higher
after Wall Street gains fueled by
optimism about big tech. Uh you have
Nvidia pledging to invest hundred
billion dollars in open AI data centers.
>> FJ Powell set to speak later on after
the central bank's new governor, Steven
Myron, makes his case for more
aggressive rate cuts. Uh the PBCOC
meanwhile says it won't be influenced by
the Fed with domestic priorities driving
policy
>> and Hong Kong bracing for super typhoon
ragasa as it lashes the Philippines with
flights to be halted starting today and
the city's exchange on alert.
[Music]
Good Tuesday morning. Welcome to the
show. Equity markets, as you can see,
tracking the up arrow story we had
overnight. S&P futures, as you can see,
they are flat right now. Not a lot of
movement. I wouldn't put anything uh
into that as well. Uh we're looking at
the chip space of course given the
outperformance overnight. So the
semiconductor space certainly see how
the Philadelphi semiconductor index
closed. Uh so we're watching this. We're
watching the Cosby Py index of course on
the backup. Well for for one Samsung
already yesterday and that four or 5%
gain. In fact, flip the page. You'll see
you'll have Samsung coming up on your
screens very shortly. SKH High TSMC is
coming online 2% to the upside there
tracking the gains that we had in the
session already on Monday. Uh the other
thing we're tracking as well is the
dollar and this uptrend mini uptrend of
about five days consolidated yesterday
on the Bloomberg dollar index. We're
seeing some declines right now. Uh the
other thing of course is the iron ore
price is at 107. We're near the highs
that we hit about a couple of weeks
back. Certainly talking about highs gold
futures, silver's coming up bottom of
your screens as well. Japan is shut.
We're looking at futures right now. So
yields would be a touch lower if any at
all. Right now, let's have a look,
please, at the approach. I guess in many
ways, this approach to the typhoon, the
approach to the open today. Not a lot
there. Uh, a lot of strength coming
through in the Hong Kong dollar
recently. The delta on this uh has
really been substantial. This 30-day
rate of change, we'll talk more about
that later. Hiber, of course, has al has
also been moving to the upside. Dollar
China on your screens right now. In
terms of the flows coming into Hong Kong
with its IPOs strengthening the dollar,
12 billion was north of 12 billion to be
more specific. There was the was the
total net inflows into Hong Kong
yesterday. Of course through the stock I
think it's 5 days now of net inflows
here Ivon.
>> Yep. Certainly one to watch of course as
we braced for this typhoon that is going
to be making uh landfall here pretty
soon right. So that certainly is going
to be one of the top things we're
watching out for here. The impact we
already talked about Cath Pacific
cancelling their flights for the next
few days as well. We'll see if Hong Kong
Exchange updates us on anything. Right.
It's a big test for them to keep this
market open during a super typhoon. Also
in terms of sectors Dave mentioned gold
crypto certainly will track that slump
that we saw overnight as well rising
highore along we've been seeing with the
honky dollar as well and those US
lawmakers in Beijing they continue their
trip uh in the mainland as well and what
does this mean when it comes to this
this typhoon when it comes to these
upcoming IPOs right we have a great
story talking about this potentially
could lead to some backlog there maybe
delaying some of these big listings like
cherry autoing gold as well but that
pricing for cherry auto should still be
underway here today. Bhutong also set to
debut today just before this typhoon.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean just because the
market will remain open and by the way
we'll talk more about that later because
Hong Kong Exchange it should normally be
open under a T8 under T10 but they are
saying right now that they're closely
watching the incoming typhoon and what
they're saying employees safety
participants and invest in public will
be top consideration. I guess almost the
same as the airport's open but no one's
probably going to land anyway and take
off. Right.
>> They're letting the airlines make the
decision whether to to haul flights or
not. Yeah. But I mean I the more that we
hear about you know this it's not really
it's going to make landfall but the
impact could be bigger than what we saw
back in 2018. That's what some are
saying right. So I think that's the fear
here right now
>> and I think there is a lot of panic. I
was going to the grocery store
yesterday.
>> Oh there's nothing left.
>> There's nothing left. Couldn't find
masking tape because everyone's trying
to like tape their windows and all that
too.
>> Yeah. Well the science is still out on
that one. Um let's let's talk about
where the science is at least clear
right now. This is really the money
going into tech. AI massive rally we
talked about that overnight you have
Nvidia now planning to invest in open AI
let's bring in Annabelle of course who's
been covering the story for us here so
what more can you tell us about this
hundred billion dollars into open AI
>> yeah up to hundred billion it's a really
major investment and the whole thing is
about building out infrastructure that's
needed for AI
>> what we got on Monday was a letter of
intent that was signed between Nvidia
and OpenAI but then we also spoke with
sources to get more details on this so
what we understand is that the money is
actually going to come in stages so the
first $10 billion is going to be
deployed from Nvidia to OpenAI that's
going to come in the in the form of cash
and then uh Nvidia is also going to be
receiving OpenAI equity again according
to our sources and then as they continue
to build out the the the power uh supply
more money is going to come. So overall
you're talking about 10 GW of power and
I really just want to emphasize that
you're talking about the amount of power
that's needed to to power New York City
when it's at peak energy demand. So,
it's a huge amount of energy that's
supposed to come online through this
deal. And you saw that reaction in
Nvidia, as you said. I mean, it was that
big rally on Wall Street. You're seeing
some of these Nvidia suppliers here
gaining today. But it just continues to
position Nvidia at the center of the AI
ecosystem.
>> Okay. We also got more details on the
shape of this US China deal on Tik Tok.
What do we know so far of of what what
stands out to you? Yeah. So, this was
outlined on Monday and I think of course
as we've been discussing the big
sticking point is the algorithm because
the US law that mandates the sale of Tik
Tok operations in the US forbids uh bike
dance from having any sort of
operational role in the technology or
the new US app. But at the same time,
Chinese law uh prevents the sale of
sensitive technology. So, it's that big
sticking point how they're going to get
around it. What we understand is that
the technology, a copy of the algorithm
could be licensed to the new US owners,
which we've been discussing. Andre and
Horowit Silver Lake also Oracle perhaps
taking a small stake as well but it's
Oracle that's really going to oversee
the sort of retraining of that algorithm
also house the data in its cloud and
then oversee as well the security of
users data which the whole idea is to
keep that away from from bite dance
essentially
>> uh speaking of Oracle two new co-CEOs
>> this is a very interesting move so
Saffra Katz who has been at the company
or in that leadership role as CEO is
stepping back uh she's is taking a
position as executive vice chair of the
board and they've named two co-CEOs uh
in in her place. So you've got Clay
McGoric and then also Mike Cecilia. So
Clay McGoric is someone who's actually
come from the Oracle cloud
infrastructure division. He's actually
very young as well, only 39 years old.
And then Mike Cecilia is 54, but he's
also come from Oracle industry. So
naming these two as co-CEOs really
emphasizes the big push that Oracle is
making into infrastructure. It's
interesting as well because the sources
we've spoken to say Saffraatz is someone
who was a little bit more reluctant to
invest in this area to begin with. But
you can see that big run up in the stock
this year which has again been down to
the company continuing to sign
partnerships in this space investing
heavily in fulfilling those those
commitments as well. rare to see CEOs
that have split at at at that level, but
at the same time, Oracle actually does
have experience with this because
Saffricatz did share the CEO role for a
period, but uh Mike Herd actually was
her co-CO. He passed away in 2019. Uh
interesting as well, both uh Clay
McGoric and Mike Sicilia are going to be
taking home pretty different pay packets
because Klay McGoric gets $250 million
US a year or total package.
>> Mike Sicilia gets 100 million.
>> Okay. Oh,
>> that's interesting. Um Not shabby. I
mean
>> that's I that's about to say no one's
eating the
>> soupy
Annabelle. Thank you. Our Asia Tech is
one of Annabelle jewelers there on all
things tech. Um another story that we're
tracking of course is the Fed right. So
Jay Pal said to speak later on today.
But before that we did hear from the Fed
governor the new one Steven Myron who
laid out his argument for aggressively
lowering interest rates in his first
policy speech since joining the Fed.
The upshot is that monetary policies
well into restrictive territory, leaving
short-term interest rates roughly two
percentage points too tight risks
unnecessary layoffs and higher
unemployment. In my view, insufficiently
accounting for the strong downward
pressure on the neutral rate resulting
from changes in border and fiscal
policies is leading some to believe
policy today is less restrictive than it
actually is.
All right, let's uh bring in Joanna Awa,
head of emerging market economics at
Cityroup Global Markets here with us as
we brace for this typhoon. I think we
can worry about that in a couple of
hours. The
So, the Fed's done one. I think there's
two more priced in. I think two or three
more next year. What's the What's the
What's the House view right now?
>> Well, we still have the view that Fed's
going to cut four more times at least
every meeting for the next four
meetings. And lately, our economists
have been signaling given again the
concerns about kind of the labor market,
it's possible that the market could
still even price in more than that. We
could even go even potentially uh it's
it's an open possibility we going below
three and three and a quarter. Of course
uh one of the things we need to watch
out for is seasonally the US data could
tend end up ironically being a little
bit stronger the next couple of months.
But again given the dual mandate that
we're watching the key thing is really
what happens in the employment data.
>> Yeah.
>> And is it detering as as fast as what
Stephen Myron suggests that you know
that RTAR has to be substantially lower
and much quicker? Well, I mean obviously
uh I mean we're not as aggressive as you
know Steve Maron calling for 50 basis
points. You know, I guess there was an
expectation he was calling for 50 basis
points cut. I don't think we're as you
know I I think we maybe not as hawkish
as other people thinking ourstar had
really gone up that much but I don't
really think that our star had gone down
as much either especially given what's
happened in the fiscal side and given
what's happening with the whole private
sector capex. I mean, you guys were just
talking about, you know, all this talk
about cloud investing in AI
infrastructure, which obviously is going
to be a big theme going on in the next
couple years.
>> And the inflation pass through equation,
that that's still the same for you guys.
It's still the labor market that's
perhaps the bigger.
>> So, we're going to have core PCE uh
obviously coming out this Friday and
we're actually a little bit more benign
than expectation. I think we only expect
2% month. It's been surprising. I mean
that you know obviously tariff pass
through has been more benign or much
lower than expected and maybe we did not
anticipate some of that had been
distributed between corporates or the
exporters as well. So although we are
expecting there will be again belated
pass through of tariff uh we don't think
it's going to be big enough to deter the
fed because other components of the CPI
course you know obviously services is a
much larger component those components
seem to be softening so therefore we
don't really see a big headwind for the
fed to continue to cut.
>> What's the window for central banks now
to to cut? Is it I mean the dollar
weakness certainly has been something
that they can take advantage of. Are are
they going to do so you think?
>> Well the thing is obviously a lot of
emerging markets including in Asia a lot
of central banks have already cut quite
a bit. I mean we still have you know
pretty high exanti rates for a number of
central banks. I mean we think there's
space for Philippines to cut Indonesia
to cut Thailand to cut. Obviously we're
going to have a new central bank
governor very soon. There's room for
China to ease as well. Uh and then even
Korea there's also room for easing. So
there's definitely still room. It's just
that obviously you know with the in the
dollar definitely helps that uh so it
really depends on the data and right now
even though there's definitely a
sequential payback of exports and
there's definitely a slowback coming in
some economies the slowdown has not been
as severe as expected. So for example,
Malaysia has been, you know, the
slowdown payback we're seeing is not as
severe. Obviously, the AI component, we
just upgraded Taiwan GDP growth
forecast. So it's a little bit
differentiated that we're going to have
to watch. Uh but clearly there's some
focus. Obviously in Thailand, you know,
with the deflation, persistent
deflation, we expect uh a B uh to ease.
Yesterday, we just had China LPR
decision. Obviously, there was no cut. I
think in in China's economy, we do think
there's room to ease, but I think a lot
of the action has to really come from
fiscal and quasi fiscal. All right,
we'll have more. I'm Joan there, head of
emerging market e economics at Cityroup
Global Markets. Still ahead. Yeah, it's
been a year. Yeah, on that on that very
since that progrowth pivot from the
PBOC. You're going to look back on
what's really changed, whether it's
markets or the the economy coming up as
well. We're coming down to the opens of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. And of course, we are bracing for
a typhoon to make landfall here. Typhoon
8 expected to be upgraded there to 2:20
p.m. this afternoon. But all schools
suspended for the day and tomorrow. This
is the China Show.
[Music]
We will cut the RR and policy rate. We
will also cut central bank policy rate,
the 7-day repo rate. At the same time,
we will guide the LPR and the deposit
rate downward. We will also set up a
special reanding program for increasing
the holding of shares. We will enhance
the quality and value for investment of
listed companies to better serve
investors. We will make use of stocks,
bonds, and futures among other capital
market tools to invigorate the
restructuring and M&A market.
>> Yeah, that was a throwback to almost
exactly a year back to really I think I
speak on behalf of the whole team. This
that jaw drop moment.
>> I remember just like yesterday we're
like
>> literally on air.
>> What are they saying? Did they just say
that
>> cut rates on live TV at 9:00 in the
morning?
>> Did they do that on top of cutting
interest rates? Um, so since then we've
actually uh had made a tally here. 30
basis points of rate cuts. I know it
doesn't sound like relatively speaking.
100 basis points of reserve ratio
requirements. On your screens is the
performance of the market. First green
line is the Big Bang moment. Deepseek is
in yellow. Liberation days in red.
Monetary easing which is the I think the
most recent round was early June, late
May, early June. And of course this
recent uh um second uh day taunts that
we've had on the trade conversation.
Markets rally through pretty much the
most part of that. But of course a lot
of that has been taking place recently.
Ivon.
>> Yeah. So you got to wonder right now is
the PBC expected to ease further this
time with the economy still under
pressure and the Fed Fed cutting rates
now. This is what we heard from Pang
yesterday right at that press briefing
late late afternoon. China's monetary
policy focuses on domestic priorities
while considering internal and external
balances. Now the PBOC has made clear
are macrolevel principles of determining
monetary policy. So pushing back a
little bit on the expectations out there
that they can cut
>> or when they should cut.
>> Yeah. Or the urgent need to do so. I
think
>> uh Johannes still here with us, head of
EM economics at Cityroup Global Market.
So you know since last year what's
what's changed?
>> That's a very good question. I mean
obviously the PBOC presser was an
unusual kind of press conference and I
think there was aside from the rate
easing there was definitely a strong
policy signal about supporting asset
prices including both housing and equity
but of course a year later I think
they've been more successful on fueling
the equity obviously it's been helped by
deepseek and other policy efforts like
anti-evolution but the property market I
mean we've had a little bit of rebound
in the last quarter first quarter but it
kind of fizzled so real estate property
is still a big problem so at least on
asset prices the record is still mixed
uh if you look at we shouldn't look at
PBOC press conference in isolation there
was a series of events that happened
right we also had the unusual poly
bureau meeting that happened in
September and then we had a number of
policy steps that were happened and
there was a lot of communication about
supporting consumption report supporting
demand kind of an effort towards
rebalancing but we take a year later
look at the data I would actually argue
that China's growth would arguably is
even more unbalanced like the
contribution from net exports to real
GDP growth has even gotten larger
>> so you're seeing cheap exports basically
all around the world except for the US
in some ways
Right. I mean is is this going to be
start to be a problem?
>> Well, this is the debate, right? I mean,
yes, the first half of this year they
exceeded their real GDP growth 5.3% but
a lot of it more than 30% was coming
from net exports. And the question is
and if you look at the recent data,
export growth has been relatively
resilient in China for all the fear
about tariff. It ended up that China's
tariffs was not so bad relative to India
or even Azan the tariff differential.
Meanwhile, if you look at the latest
data, we've seen, especially in August,
we've had a number of weaker data, not
just on the supply side with cap, you
know, capacity cuts and the fact that
investment has slowed down, even
manufacturing investment, but also on
the demand side, right? You know, we've
had the fiscal front loing and that came
off. So, I think the worry is again, the
growth is still very very unbalanced.
We're go a year later, we're still now
debating whether you're going to need
another policy support going into
September bureau meeting. And then with
the fifth plenum coming up in October,
there's a lot of a debate whether this
is really sustainable. China really
needs to boost demand much more relative
to supply. Otherwise, running these
large trade surplus and and much of this
is growing at the expense of the global
south does create obviously some
challenges for other competing
manufacturing in the region whether it's
Europe or even kind of the lower value
added like you know Indonesia or India
where they're losing market share on
labor labor intensive manufactured
goods. So you mentioned fiscal easing
needs to take up a you know a quasi you
know financial fiscal easing needs to
take up a bigger portion of this. The a
lot of that has so far gone into things
like debt to resolution
um managing the fiscal burdens of local
governments. How much is needed for
progrowth fiscal stimulus like directly
progrowth prodemand.
>> So so China needs I mean both fiscal and
structural reform right structural
reform to kind of rebalance. So you're
right I mean there there was a little
bit of consumption support. I mean we
did see for example the consumer
trade-in program we saw the child care
subsidy there was even something for
elderly care uh but you know have we
seen something bigger enough to get
people to remove kind of the
precautionary savings behavior and I
think when we look at excess savings and
household deposit it's still very very
high so obviously some of that at least
is fueling into equity market but the
equity market rally is really not enough
to drive kind of a kind of household
wealth effect second round effect
because you know you know Chinese
households are not like US households
they don't have 401ks, you know, that
type of big source of wealth. You really
need something to kind of generate a
little bit more a kind of a confidence
in terms of saving. So again, the debate
is whether we will see more reform of
the social security welfare pension
reform. Uh which again we will see what
will happen in the fifth plenum if
there'll be strong signals with that. we
will probably still see more roll out of
targeted kind of consumption support
whether it's again more kind of
nationwide making it permanent more
forward looking for elderly care or
child care subsidies or unemployment
insurance etc. But the other thing is
the trade-in program. I mean, after
we've launched this kind of durable
goods trade-in program and a lot of that
what was already frontloaded. You know,
after you buy an appliance, you're not
going to buy it again. There's a lot of
talk since there's a lot of talk about
services. Maybe the next round will be
an extension of the trading program for
services, but you need services sector
because you need to create more jobs. I
think the problem is you still have jobs
income and you know, we still haven't
addressed or nipped the butt on
deflation pressures. It
>> it brings the question anti-involution,
right? because as you mentioned all
those all those sort of challenges that
you highlighted come from the intense
amount of price competition people are
overworked it's it's causing a lot of
labor shortages and the like so
anti-evolution in order for this to be
succeed what does it have to look like
beyond just supply side cuts
>> right look I mean you know
anti-involution that's only one side
like you're just trying to address some
of the excess capacity if you're just
going to focus on anti-involution and
nothing on the demand side well then
growth will really slow down so the
issue is really you really more need
more demand transport and on the
anti-involution I mean obviously a lot
of people are focused on certain sectors
like steel or cement or coal or maybe
batteries solar kind of the clean tech
price you know uh the question is
whether again if we have a proper
rebalancing whether other sectors might
also be targeted for anti-involution of
course the question is how how
successfully you'll do that but whether
it will extend to other industries like
chemical industry where there's a lot of
kind of anti-dumping anti-trade policy
which is impacting a lot of uh global
global kind of other competing competing
uh industries. Uh but like I said, you
really need more on the demand side
because you know in the last couple of
five year plan when China does supply,
they're very good. But when it comes to
demand, it's kind of doesn't doesn't
really quite work. And if you're going
to do the other opposite where you're
curving supply, but you're not really
supporting enough demand, then there's
going to be downside versus growth. And
I think they still need to do more on
the demand side because you need to
achieve your developmental goals.
There's a lot of talk about new growth
drivers that is AI going to be one of
them given just the technological
breakthroughs the productivity gains
that could come through it is that going
to
>> I mean it's one of them but it's not
enough like it's you know it's obviously
an important part of it but you know you
still need to create jobs right you can
make an argument that AI could create
also a lot of potential disruption in
terms of labor market creation job
creation at a time when you have still
very high youth unemployment so you know
you need really more services that's a
sector in the economy the consumption
services sector that's still relatively
underdeveloped where I think there was
this piece from the IMF last year saying
relative to stage of development
services sector in China is still like
20% you know lower than what it should
be uh and again part of the the concerns
about services sector in China is it's
still very heavily regulated lots of you
know state intervention state control
and state ownership and service trade
restrictiveness you know the the
liberalization of services trade has
also been lagging uh what we've seen in
the manufactured goods trade
>> great stuff Johanna thank you Johanna
there head of emerging market economics
atgroup global markets as well. Your
pre-market is up and we are seeing the
hang seeing a little bit of gains here
this morning. We're up about a third of
1% here. Futures are in the green this
morning. 711 for Dollar China. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Watching the chip space here at the
open. Oh, Bhutong. First and foremost,
we're going to talk about this listing
debut here. uh rises to 41% but Goldman
also coming up with an upgrade when it
comes to SMIC that price target boosted
by about 14% when it comes to this whole
AI chip demand story.
>> Well, and speaking of Goldman raising
SMIC and speaking of the broader
semiconductor rally that we've seen
overnight in the rest of Asia Pacific
into here in Hong Kong 8350 right now is
the price target out of Goldman Sachs
here. Uh just very quickly of course
Hong Kong Exchange of Cathy Pacific and
of course this approach this typhoon
that's on approach. We'll get more
updates on that in a moment. The open is
coming up next. We're bracing for the
open, including, of course, some weather
here. More on those things shortly.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. Just to note that
uh for more than several months now,
we've had uh the Hong Kong Exchange has
had this severe weather plan B's. That's
just short of saying that in the event
of extreme weather, the market remains
open. in this specific case. Not to say
that there's anything that indicates
markets will be closed this time
tomorrow, but Hong Kong Exchange of
course has put out uh somewhat of a
veiled statement and of course something
more targeted as well that they are
closely monitoring what's going on which
I guess underscores that this one
actually feels a little bit different uh
than others.
>> It definitely feels a little bit
different this time around when you're
talking about 200 plus kilometer gust
winds per hour, right? I mean it's hard
to even think, right? I think back in
mankut that was enough to kind of
shatter a lot of windows out there.
Yeah. So certainly there is a safety
issue here whether traders whether
people in the market and could actually
make it to work or even trade right. So
that certainly is a consideration from
the Hong Kong exchange here today. Of
course right now we're still open of
course with a T3 220 p.m. is when
they're likely to make it a T8, right?
Typhoon 8. So that's when things start
to get a little bit uglier here. Right
now though when it comes to markets
looks like we're still going okay,
right? A 31% to the upside here. Keep in
mind though, we did have that press
briefing from the PBOC yesterday and
late afternoon. Basically, they said
there's not much urgency to really cut
rates and follow the Fed here right now.
So, at least for now, short-term,
they're thinking the economy is still
okay. They want to focus on domestic
side of things as well, but there seems
to be a growing narrative among
economists that they need to do
something pretty soon given that the
economy still remains weak uh
domestically. But there you go. We're
still seeing green across the board here
despite all this red that you're seeing
in the bottom right. But you are seeing
some big moves in CL for example that's
down some 2% here right now. Uh Shanghai
is flat and we're watching Capricorn.
There you go. Chip stock still doing
well. We'll talk about that upgrade from
Goldman when it comes to SMIC in just a
bit. Flip the boards. Talk about Hong
Kong. Of course we're still dealing with
a typhoon. We're still looking at the
disruptions potentially it could have uh
on activity on flights on the airport
everything right. Kathy Pacific is
certainly one to watch here. But we're
still seeing some some gains. We're flat
uh when it comes to HStech. Looks like
we're not getting the same sort of
tailwinds from the US when it comes to
this Nvidia you getting that big big
investment into open AI. Uh we're all
seeing you know at least Alibaba still
up about 7/10 of 1% here. Tensson is
slightly up but body look at that we're
down 3% after this massive rally we saw
last week. So profit taking there mtoan
Xiaomi as well is in the red. Keep in
mind though we talk about how strong the
honky dollar has been right. This
certainly has been a new revelation here
given that high bar prices are getting
up here. Looks like we are seeing Hong
Kong dollar trading at the lower part of
that band. So 777 right now for Honky
Dollar. Uh and we're watching very
closely what goes on with the chips. So
HS Tech is pretty much flat here right
now, but we're seeing seeing the decent
gains with it likes of SMSC SMIC I
should say. Goldman Sachs is coming
through with an upgrade of their price
targets for that stock in particular. So
they're saying it's all on AI chip
demand, right? because they're saying
when it comes to some of these cloud
infrastructure, you know, players,
they're they're still adding capacity.
When it comes to AI chip suppliers,
they're talking about making their own
solutions. So, that's enough for them to
say that demand will continue to be
quite strong as well. Before we get
there, there you go. Uh we're watching
SMIC. We're up one and a half%. Huah
Hong is also seeing some decent gains
here as well. We're tracking, of course,
what goes on with the flights. Cathy
Pacific not doing a whole lot but they
basically have canceled all their
flights uh for the next two days or so.
The airport is open but then again Cathy
Pacific some of these airlines are
making their own decisions on what to
do. Hong Exchangers slightly down here
this morning and we're talking about a
trading debut as well. So squeezing this
trading debut in before things look
pretty bad, right? So there you go. Bong
investment holding company. They have
subsidiaries that focus on premium
nursing uh products. So that's one thing
to watch there. But yes, looking pretty
good. We're up 36% right now, Dave.
>> Yeah, I think on that same story on the
IPO story as well, right? So, I think
Cherry Auto the pricing should come at
some point today and we'll see, of
course, whether that affects things like
book building, for example, ahead of
some of the listings here, uh, as well.
Okay. Now, just also mention, right, so
it's actually, you know, in case you're
just joining us right now, it's it's
almost one year to the day of that
massive big bazooka, big bang stimulus
from the PBOC, uh, clearly this time
last year. So, we're taking a bit of a
step back here. And I think when you
look at the Hangen China index, this is
this is interesting too, right? So if
you think about it, over the course of
just barely 4 and a half years, we've
gone from 12,000 down more than half to
just below 5,000. And then since that
point in time, we've almost doubled
right now. So this gap that we're
looking at right now, I just had look I
had a look at the headlines on July 27,
2021. That was about the same time as
you had these uh restructuring efforts
into the new into the education sector.
If you remember back then, right, you
can't make profits if you're in the
education sector. A lot of the
regulatory overhauls were really
hounding uh the market and that massive
gap lower that we've had since then.
That's just to say we've come all the
way to that point and what leads us up
next because it's really been very very
good. It's been a very good year not
just for Chinese equities, right?
Globally, equity markets have hit record
after record after record. Bond markets
have also done quite well. This
everything rally that we've talked
about. I think that's coming up on your
screens. And it's also gold that's
really led. You know, gold is up $1,200
an ounce this year. And we talked about
Vault or the lack of it. We're at 16
right now on the VIX index. So, you got
to wonder, is there a risk we don't see
or are there no risks out there
>> in this whole everything rally? Uh,
let's bring in Tae, APAC, chief market
strategist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. I think you asked some of
your peers, they could be saying, do I
like the positioning? No. But can I step
in front of all this right now? Maybe
not so much either.
>> Absolutely. I think there are two
questions here. One is strategically in
the longer term next 12 18 months with a
Fed cut and a soft landing in the US.
All of these still point towards a very
constructive environment for equities
and the risk assets. Uh but as you
rightly said, we've been through a very
strong rally in multiple assets in 2025.
Is there room for a breather or even a
consolidation? We did obviously get a
very strong correction back in April,
but frankly, we've not seen anything
like this since then. So, um I think the
question is for investors who still have
cash on the sidelines, it may not be the
right time to go all in at this point. M
um for those investors who do have um
you know a portfolio of stocks and bonds
I would recommend them to revisit their
portfolio whether they need to some
rebalancing after such a strong
performance in equities. So, you know,
it's never possible to pinpoint exactly
when or why a correction would occur,
but I would argue at this point the
valuation is pricing in very good
economic and corporate performance,
which I think is fair for the longer
run, but you know, I think there'll
still be some uh potential hiccups on
the road in the next few months.
>> You mentioned so so you're likely to be
in two camps, right? Whether you have
dry powder or you're, you know, almost
fully invested with the the way markets
have done, it's hard to imagine a lot of
people have dry powder. So in other
words, for the people to your point that
are invested in the market, you said
rebalance. What does it mean between how
do I re reorient my portfolio?
>> There a couple of ways of doing this. Of
course, you know, if you've you've been
recommended an allocation of stocks and
bonds
>> because stocks have gone up. So
naturally, your stock allocation would
have grown faster than your fixed income
portfolio. Okay.
>> So again rebalance back to your
recommended allocation. That's the first
way. Second way is there are strategies
out there for example a ETF with a
embedded options that actually generates
option premium that what that
effectively does is to capture the
volatilities turn that into
>> income. Yeah,
>> I think that would be again a pretty
good way to get ready for potential
increase in volatility. If it doesn't
that's okay because you're still
invested in the equity strategy
component of that uh of that strategy.
>> Okay. uh for bonds right now. I mean it
seems like treasuries have been doing
quite well in the face of all these Fed
rate cuts as people are are projecting
here right now. Should I still look at
duration and how should I look at
duration?
>> I would pref I would prefer sort of
neutral to short duration still at this
point absolutely I think the Fed cup is
is very much ongoing. Um the market's
pricing 125 between now and the end of
next year. U so I think more of that
reaction will come from the short end.
the longer end I think the long-term
fiscal sustainability potential
questions over the Fed independence all
of that to me will still be anchoring
the longer end of the yield curve so the
yield curve steepening the bullish
steepening I think still makes a lot of
sense albe it is a very consensus trade
um but I think from that perspective on
the treasury front that makes sense the
other part obviously is on the high
corporate debt uh if we're calling still
for a soft flatting of the US economy
your default rate should be manageable
so really just capturing that mid to
high single digit when it comes to um
income that's al that's also pretty
good. So uh for us on fixed income size
a barbell strategy short to neutral
duration on on government bonds and then
on high corporate debt I think that
helps to achieve both uh capturing the
Fed cuts but also the soft landing of
the US economy and
>> and what what's that overlay in terms of
FX exposure? What's that what's the
recommendation now?
>> Uh I still think the dollar over the
next 12 18 months could get weaker.
>> Okay. So for Asian investors
historically, you know, at least for the
last few years,
>> it should be good.
>> It's be great for them to have dollar
exposure, but now I think it's a much
more important question to ask. Do you
want to hedge it which can be sometimes
quite expensive or what we usually
recommend I recommend anyway is to look
at your personal portfolio if you have
expenses in for example in euro or
sterling
>> or you want to go holiday in Japan
>> usually that you know you should match
those currency exposure naturally but if
you have to have an FX overlay I would
think a short dollar position still
makes a lot of sense.
Uh, China, obviously we talked about
it's been one year since the PBC went on
this whole stimulus blitz and the like.
>> For you, what do you think has been the
biggest change in this market?
>> Well, I think the biggest change is
we're no longer just looking at
stimulus.
>> Um, you know, September last year, you
know, before that we almost hoping and
praying that stimulus will come because
the macroeconomy is a pretty difficult
position. Frankly, if you look at the
data, it's still not great. But I think
there are some new themes emerging in
China. For example, artificial
intelligence. Uh the new way consumers
are spending in China. The government
support or sort of directive to boost
domestic manufacturing especially in
semiconductors. All of these are
generating new themes for investors and
that second leg really starting from
January is really on the back of that.
We're no longer just waiting and hoping
for stimulus to come. Of course, I do
think more is required to improve the
domestic economy, but whether a rate
cuts or reserve requirement cuts will be
sufficient, I do think that's
questionable. We need it. We have low
inflation, real rates are high, but if
you look back to the last couple of
years, rate cuts and reserve
requirements didn't really boost bank
lending. So, I think a lot more on
housing, a lot more on the labor market.
All of these are critical in
regenerating the momentum in a more
sustainable way. How much is long only
patient money foreign investor
participated in this latest
>> I would think it's still legs
than prior to 20120.
>> Okay.
>> Um geopolitics questions over policy
consistency. I think all of that is
still on their minds. Um yes I think
they are looking to diversify the
allocation.
>> Are they asking more about it?
>> They're asking more but I think the flow
has yet to really reflect that. And
also, you know, there's definitely more
desire to to invest internationally, not
just in the US, but frankly, there are
other locations, for example, in Taiwan,
in South Korea, in Japan that's also
making progress on corporate governance.
Um, you take advantage of the AI wave.
So, I think all of that is giving people
a lot of choices across the region. And
of course, you've got markets like
Europe, which we're starting to see a
lot more interest as well. So, I think,
you know, it's a matter of time. I think
investors will have to allocate more
back to China, but I think at this point
they're still uh treading rather
carefully.
>> Taiwe, nice to see you.
>> Thank you.
>> Take care. Stay safe. Hi to the team. Of
course, there uh Apac, chief market
strategist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Yeah, we'll just take a
short break. Uh we'll reassess, of
course, the weather. We'll get you an
update on that plus other things as well
as we brace for the strongest typhoon
set to hit the planet this year. This is
the China Show.
[Music]
Welcome back um to the viewers, not to
the weather. Uh but yeah, certainly it
is top of mind for us today. Um, you
know, just an anecdote, of course, going
into about 40 minutes into the cash
market session here in Hong Kong,
volumes are substantially lower, and
we're not sure, of course, if that's
weather related, but certainly we are
bracing for a lot of disruptions uh
because of what's taking place right
now. Super typhoon. Raasa has lashed the
Philippines and Taiwan as it heads
towards southern China. Over 10,000
people across northern Philippines,
that's Luzon, of course, the island
there, had to leave their homes ahead of
the storm. There were no immediate
reports of casualties and the storm is
now turnurning ever so slowly towards
southern China and is set to sideswipe
Hong Kong. Now, of course, it is packing
maximum sustained winds of 230
kilometers per hour. The city is bracing
for potentially widespread damage and
also disruption. I
>> I love Steve sent out this image from
about just how strong these winds are
going to be, right? I think they're
saying if it's 190 plus kilometers per
hour on the top. Okay. Trucks may
overturn
>> 250 kilometers per hour. Hong Kong Billy
designed wind load. So that's when they
start to like really test out the
infrastructure of Hong Kong.
>> Um Oh yeah, I see.
>> So it's certainly one to watch.
Obviously Hong Kong has been very very
much in the forefront and and talking
about schools are closed until at least
Thursday. Kathy Pacific as well taking
proper precautions and cancing more than
500 flights as the city braces for its
worst storm since at least 2018. And we
have Steven L from BI saying this could
be the most costliest in terms of
insurance claims and the like here uh in
the city since man cut as well. Let's
bring in our Asia transport correspond.
He's been tracking all this. He was at
the airport yesterday as well. Tell us
just what's in store in terms of
disruptions. So on the transport side,
uh the airport will be winding down
operations from Tuesday evening from 6
p.m. Uh basically all passenger flights
will stop for 36 hours, which is
unprecedented uh by the the gravity of
the the kind of situation we face with
this typhoon. And of course, we're going
to see this typhoon signal raise to its
third highest level from later this
afternoon from 2 p.m. onwards. Uh and so
the the transport disruption on the
aviation side is quite extensive given
that there are almost 200,000 passengers
a day that go through Hong Kong airport.
And then we obviously when you broaden
it out particularly into neighboring uh
you know southern China they've got all
trains stopping from later this evening
airports as well not just Hong Kong and
Shenzhen and Macau also suspending
operations. So there's a a lot of
infrastructure that is at risk and so uh
I think the proper precautions are being
taken in order to ensure that there is a
a lessening of risk given the potential
damage and as this storm a category 4
equivalent uh hurricane um you know it's
still not slowing down as it barrels
towards Hong Kong and southern China and
obviously in in in Shenzhen alone
400,000 people have been evacuated. So
there is a you know great concern there.
Yeah, like you know, I know a couple of
people who who've mentioned on on chats
that they were going to take shelter in
Shenzhen and I'm that's that's like
that's where the the storm's also going
to hit.
>> But the traders, I mean, they I think
they've already set up proper hotel
arrangements if if they need to go to
work. They're going to be covered from
the hotel back to work.
>> Yeah. Like stay stay out of stay out of
the elements.
>> Contingency plans are in place on the
banks, too.
>> You had to r you know, we were on the
way home from work. You you were on you
were rushing to the airport yesterday,
right? There was a briefing to your
point at 2 p.m. What was the mood like?
And of course, as we approach the 6 p.m.
when flights are going to be cancelled.
Is there
>> is there a sense that there's a
bottleneck right now just people trying
to get in, people trying to get out?
Like what was that situation like?
>> Well, there there is a a last rush,
frankly, of people trying to leave Hong
Kong uh by 6 p.m. this evening. But one
of the challenges has been that uh quite
a lot of flights even before 6 p.m.
today have been cancelled. So, um, if
you're Catholic Pacific, I would not be
surprised if there are no seats
available left for anyone today. Um, so
every seat has been taken, anyone who's
moved their flights forward or, you
know, for those who have delayed their
flights, fine. So, uh, clearly people
are trying to leave and it's not easy
with more flights already being stripped
out of the schedule. So, you know, Cath
has already said that it's going to send
quite a lot of planes. They haven't said
how many outside Hong Kong because of
the risk of damage to planes being left
at Hong Kong airport. And so therefore
there clearly the precautions are being
taken whether you're at an airline level
or even just at a government level. So
yeah, it's important for everyone just
to stay safe.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um Danny, thank you Danny Lee for
giving us all those updates the last 48
hours and and of course we'll be hearing
more from him the next few days as well.
Um yeah, that's a transport side of
things. I think the trading side, Hong
Kong Exchange, they're certainly looking
at this right now because of course it's
been what
>> a year or more that since they
>> October I think
>> yeah when they implemented this you know
you still have to come to work even
there's a typhoon sort of policy but
then again there's always caveats to it
right they they have this new framework
>> there that they could still close right
if there's a quote exceptional situation
and certainly we we might be at one
right now
>> yeah I mean the the tail risk in terms
of the weather and you know the sort of
uh business continuity plans only work
so much within normal situations, right?
So I I I think the point is there is
there is no clear indication from the
HKX that they will shut the markets
tomorrow, but there is a possibility
given what we know about the weather
that that should not be uh something to
to to not consider. So in other words,
they're they're tracking this closely.
But we were having this conversation
earlier on with with with Taiwe and of
course with City as well who joined us
and during the breaks, right? It doesn't
mean because the market's open people uh
will be doing things right.
>> Will be working be able to work right.
>> Yeah.
>> So and this this pricing I think today
and that's the that's the other
conversation to on cherry which is the
big one that's taking place I think the
pricing the pricing.
>> Yeah. Because any changes to trading
other exchange operations does threaten
to affect these upcoming listings and
these are big ones that we've been
talking about for days now right whether
it's Cherry Auto Diging Gold that's
going to be next week as well. for more.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg Asia equity
capital markets reporter Julia Freddy on
what the disruptions we're seeing from
the exchange side of things. How could
this delay some of these upcoming uh
listings here the typhoon right now?
>> So Cherry should be fine because they've
already closed the books. So the delays
only come in if you're still taking
orders at the time that there's a T8
signal or higher. Whereas as you said
for Zigin Gold that does face the risk
of being delayed because they're meant
to be taking orders from retail
investors as well until Wednesday. And
so if there is a TH signal, which there
probably will be between now and
Wednesday, then they have to delay it
for at least a day, and that will mean
that the trading will also be delayed.
So we're likely to see a delay for that
one, whereas for the others, they should
be fine. Um, but still, it doesn't seem
like it's going to be really affecting
the demand for these listings, which are
still quite popular.
>> Yeah, I mean, just speaking of gold as
well, right, that the undercurrent of
gold prices hitting record after record.
I think that's that's important though
the fact that if there are disruptions
the possibility of pushing back the
trading debut dates that that's that's
an open uh option for these list for for
these issuers.
>> Yes, I think it's actually a requirement
essentially it's in their perspectives
where if uh if retail if there's a T8
signal when they're still opening books
and they're still taking orders then
they have to extend the the book
building for a day for retail investors
>> just to be fair.
>> Yes, exactly.
>> There we Uh Julia, thank you so much.
Julia will be busy as well as we try and
understand what's uh what is affected,
what isn't affected. Of course, Julia
Ferretti, there are Asia equity capital
markets reporter. Uh yeah, and you can
get it uh just an update here and I
imagine of course our Hong Kong edition
newsletter. Um my understanding is
there's no disruption to this one
actually coming out on Thursday, but who
knows? Who knows? But for now, you can
sign up and here's the strange sales
pitch. Apologies for this.
Bloomberg.com/newsletters.
That was a bit awkward. But in any case,
of course, this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, welcome back. Uh, I guess a
weather update. uh to the T. In case
you've missed the latest announcement, a
Typhoon Signal 8 will be hoisted over
Hong Kong uh at 2:20 in the afternoon
and from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. on
Thursday. Cath Pacific is cancelling all
Hong Kong flights. So, just I guess keep
an update or just stay dry and stay safe
somewhere else. Uh SMIC of course and
the upgrades coming out of Goldman here
too.
>> Yeah, it's an interesting one, right?
They they boost the price target by 15%.
They're basically saying AI chip demand
is going to be quite solid as well
within domestic China, right? when you
take a look what infrastructures uh when
it comes to cloud infrastructures
they're adding capacity when it comes to
AI suppliers uh chip suppliers they're
also looking at their own solutions
right so that's still strong and it's a
rare bright spot here amongst the ones
that we're checking here right now and
interesting enough wahong semi is
actually heading to the opposite
direction and we're down about 7/10 of
1% here right now but you're watching
crypto Dave
>> yeah because this this sort of opposite
uh mirror image move between gold and
crypto and obviously we'll talk about
gold in a moment hitting a fresh record
again about an hour an hour and a half
back in crypto and on Bitcoin and stuff.
I think we were down about 3 4,000 give
or take of course from the cutoff and as
you can see that's now about 568. You
trace it back from this time yesterday.
Understandably you're getting this
follow through in equity markets and the
opposite is true with well spot gold you
know 3800 is now no longer a pipe dream
that's now just a good week away if not
a good day away and gold stocks and gold
ETFs are actually also rising
substantially here in Hong Kong. Plenty
more ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session here right now. So, volumes are
lower. We're slightly to the downside
here today in Hong Kong. Could be, you
know, everyone's bracing for this big
storm that's coming through here, right?
So, 2:20 p.m. is when we're expected to
see this Typhoon 3 be upgraded to a
typhoon 8. Kathy Pacific, of course, has
halted flight starting from 6 p.m.
tonight all the way to 6:00 a.m. on
Thursday. So, certainly the airport is
grinding down a little bit here right
now as we speak.
>> Yeah, a lot of preparatory measures as
well. We've we've heard from Juhai for
example. Um I would imagine Macau's also
looking at similar things. Shenzhen. So
a lot of this of course southern China
as we brace for this and do expect this
picture on your screens right now to
look completely different completely
different this time tomorrow. If this is
any clue of course this is the southern
coast of of Taiwan. This is Tai Titon
County where the super typhoon of course
is headed west if not already a little
bit past that. But as you can see, the
the blue skies that we're seeing, you
know what, just less than two hours
flight away from this location right
here is looking completely different as
we brace for this and it makes landfall
of course around it should be just past
midnight, I believe. But well, we we'll
see.
>> We've been talking about for so long,
but it's like yesterday was like blue
skies, weather was hot, there was this
eerie calm
>> really before what's to come.
>> Empty.
>> Hopefully hopefully it's not as bad as
what we're saying, right?
>> Did you hit the supermarkets yesterday?
I did again and it was it was I saw
empty shelves. It gave me flashbacks to
co once again like it was it was I saw
this local report someone buying 100
packs of shin ramen.
>> Oh
>> I mean people are just
>> what's the toilet paper situation
because if that if if the flashbacks of
co
>> masking tape though masking tape was
also sold out everywhere. I had to
settle with some duct tape. If you know
if you're from Hong Kong what are you
planning to do?
>> If you know if you're from Hong Kong if
you know you know.
>> Yes. If you know you know. Yeah. If your
neighbors are doing it, you're like,
"Ah, should I tape my windows? Does it
work?"
>> Yes. So,
>> okay.
>> Just taking proper precautions, right?
>> That's true. I mean, no, we we can't be
overprepared for doesn't hurt
>> for these things. Um, if there's a way
only to short volume, I wonder if
there's an ETF that's able to do that
because volume one is pointing out 20%
we lighter than usual on the hanging
index today. Uh chip stocks though are
still a very big focus especially of
course given I think uh the note out of
Morgan Stanley overnight the
outperformance on the Phil Philly
semiconductor index and of course the
Nvidia open a which we'll get to in a
moment there. Uh outside of this group
and we should be getting more in fact
but Japan is closed. You don't have the
usual names there. Mi Asia X Japan is
doing this. US futures should be
slightly to the downside and of course
the uh TX and the Cosby index have now
uh at least in the Cosby index that's
now of course petered out a little bit
uh but yes we're still up on the
benchmark itself but yeah um yeah the
Fed chair is set to set make make waves
today we'll see what he says
>> yeah I mean that's the next thing to
watch in this market right um but before
that I mean we heard from several Fed
officials as well including the likes of
Governor Steven in his first policy
speech since joining the Fed and really
kind of highlight the case on why he
thinks the Fed should cut even more
aggressively. Take a listen.
>> The upshot is that monetary policy is
well into restrictive territory. Leaving
short-term interest rates roughly two
percentage points too tight risks
unnecessary layoffs and higher
unemployment
>> that we should be very cautious in
removing monetary policy restriction
because I think it's important that we
stay restrictive to bring inflation back
down to target. And it worries me that
if we remove that restriction from the
economy, things could start overheating
again.
>> Let's bring in Mark Cranfield in
Singapore for us as markets try and
grapple with this sort of two opposing
thoughts obviously on monetary policy.
Mark, Mark, who do I believe?
Well, if you look at what's going on in
the foreign exchange market with the
improvement in the euro over the past 24
hours or so, I think FX traders
especially are making a pretty clear
distinction here. They've decided that
among the Federal Reserve people, there
is a new first among equals and that is
clearly Steven Moran. So, his voice is
catching more people. It's getting a
bigger resonance with traders and it
looks as though that is where we're
going forward here. So if you look at
the way the dot plots put it projecting
that we're going to have rate cuts right
through to the end of the year and into
early next year and Steven Mirren had
the lowest dot plot that wasn't a
surprise but clearly traders will be
skewed by what narrative they think is
the most powerful and for now it seems
as though the the narrative that they
want to hear is the one that is going to
take federal funds rate towards 3% over
the coming months and maybe towards the
end of next year. That is a key driver
for the foreign exchange market. It's
also helping equities and it will filter
into the Treasury curve as well. Until
somebody pushes back aggressively on
that, that is what traders are hearing
and what they're acting on. Jerome Pal
is going to speak later today and it's a
bit more about economic policy. It may
not really change the dynamics very much
in terms of where traders are pricing
the ne next rate cuts. It will need a
lot of Fed speakers to push back on what
Moran's message is until traders change
their mind and they keep on selling the
US dollar.
>> Yeah. Especially since we saw what
Waller Bowman they they also did not
descent along uh with Myron during that
Fed meeting, right? Um it it brings to a
lot of cases why maybe this Treasury
rally can continue as you say Mark. But
what we heard from the POC in that press
briefing yesterday was there wasn't any
urgency to really cut rates and follow
the Fed. What does that tell you about,
you know, that the the performance of
CGBs, for example?
>> We're seeing a big divergence here and
it's a trade that probably has legs
here. Treasury Treasury yields are
coming down. long-term Chinese bond
yields are going up and that has really
picked up pace in the past couple of
months and it can probably run right
through towards the end of the year
because what traders are hearing is that
the central bank in China is willing to
be a lot more patient and that's not too
surprising when you see that the stock
market has been on a pretty good run in
China. Economic numbers are beginning to
look a little bit more favorable.
Stimulus is beginning to feed in. The
POC can probably think we did a lot of
work last year, early part of this year.
We can probably take our time a bit
more. The currency is very stable.
That's important. They're keeping you on
a strong, steady path as well. All of
those things are giving the PBC a lot
more time to be able to sit back and not
make any changes to short-term interest
rates. In contrast, it looks as though
the Federal Reserve is going to
accelerate. took them a long time before
they came up with the rate cut last
week, but it looks as though they're
going to squeeze in at least two more
before the end of the year. So, that
contrast is beginning to be seen as a as
a trade. That's a strategy that people
can play. Long treasuries, short China,
and it's probably got legs over the next
few weeks. Unless the PBOC surprises,
there's no particular reason for
investors to go against that flow.
Mark the
not that this should be a sort of a big
reason for the PBC not to do things but
aren't these Chinese banks also sitting
on CGBs and you know that bank trade of
going long banks has been done
exceptionally well and I wonder whether
or not people should be looking at maybe
that cohort of of the rally that's done
very well amidst this mel you know this
the side effects collateral damage of
rising yields in China
>> you may you may well see that start to
play out through the through the equity
markets where people give a lower
waiting to the bank sector. I mean to
some extent it already is because the AI
and tech related sector is is doing so
well and you may see that continue to
go. We're probably a long way from the
PBOC being in a position where they feel
they need to really help the banks to an
material degree. I mean should that
happen, of course the first thing they
would do would make sure that short-term
interest rates come down quickly. that
will help the bank straight away.
There's no signal for the moment that
that is a worry for them. So, it'll be
up to the equity market to reallocate
among different sectors and maybe
financials underperform
a while. But that's not really the big
picture here. The the big picture really
is that POC thinks it's doing things
very well. It's got it all under
control. Chinese economy is coming back.
Stock market's looking good. Investors
are reasonably happy. And if they're not
especially enamored with what's going on
in China, there's plenty of them in the
United States to go after as well. But
China still looks like a good relative
value play. In general, things are
looking pretty tidy at the moment. And
it's one of those cases of don't rock
the boat because there's nothing too
much wrong with it.
>> Okay. Um you can say that with the AI
trade as well given the news from Nvidia
with that big investment into open AI.
You've been writing about this
correlation between Nvidia and H's tech
which has actually been more positive
now. Is is that sort of a correlation
set to to last for a while Mark?
Well, the interesting thing is it it's
just started to turn into a positive
correlation after a while of India
clearly outperforming what was going on
with the hanging tech indexes. They've
both been gaining, but Nvidia at a much
faster pace. And the fact that the
correlation is starting to turn positive
again could be a very good thing for the
Chinese tech stocks because that
momentum will attract people. They will
see that that is changing and you could
see money start to shift back into the
major tech names in the Chinese space
and Hong Kong to the expense of Nvidia.
Nvidia is starting to look as it has
done for a while. is looking very
expensive on a relative global basis and
it's making the the big Chinese tech
names look much more interesting. And
when you see this momentum start to
move, you can see how long it can last.
It can last for several weeks and if
we're at the early stages, there could
be a way to go yet.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our MI strategist joining us out of
Singapore and really continuing on and
and digging deep into this Nvidia
massive blockbuster deal to invest in
open AI. Let's bring in our Asia tech
correspondent Annabelle Jewelers on what
this deal tells us, right? There's still
a lot of money slloshing around the AI
space.
>> Yeah, it's interesting, Mark, was making
that point around correlation because
actually what China is doing is that
push into self-reliancy and the US is
doing the same, trying to build out
their infrastructure. Uh, but the latest
that we got here is that Nvidia and Open
AAI have signed a letter here and it's a
it's a deal that's going to be worth up
to hundred billion dollars. And what
Nvidia is going to be doing is is giving
over equity in return for for stakes in
in uh Open AI. Essentially, OpenAI is
building out infrastructure that's going
to be up to 10 gawatt of power coming
online. 10 gawatt of power, you're
talking about enough power for all of
New York City when it's at peak
electricity demand. So, it's a huge
amount of energy that's supposed to be
coming online. Also, what we hear from
sources coming in increments. So, each
gawatt equates to another10 billion
being deployed. But, I mean, you saw
that market reaction. Clearly investors
like the way Nvidia just continues to
position itself at the center of the AI
ecosystem.
>> The just on the separately on the deal
on Tik Tok between the US and China, we
now understand what might happen with
the algorithm because that was a really
key component of the negotiations.
>> Yeah. Well, that was the huge sticking
point cuz because obviously China
doesn't want to approve any deal where
that technology is essentially put into
American hands and and America obviously
has the the the law in place as well
that forbids bite dance from having any
sort of operational role. What it sort
of seems to be shaping up and what a US
official also share the details on is
that this technology a copy of the
algorithm is going to be licensed by
bite dance to the US entity that will
own it but Oracle is going to be the one
that oversees the retraining of it and
also looks after the data storing that
data in its cloud services as well and
will also safeguard uh the the security
of of US users of it. Uh the whole idea
of course is that bite dance doesn't
have any access to that information as
well. Okay. Uh, real quickly, two new
co-CEOs for Oracle. What does that mean?
>> Yeah, very interesting. I mean, we know
that Oracle as a company, it's been on
absolute tear. It's as we've been
discussing that AI optimism sort of
broadens out and then and Oracle's
really been pushing it or positioning
itself on the infrastructure side.
They've just named these two co-CEOs.
You can see here, Clay McGoric and also
Mike Cecilia. Uh, Clay McGoric in
particular, I mean, he's come directly
from the Oracle cloud infrastructure
division. He was one of the first
employees. Mike Cecilio is from uh
Oracle Industries. But again, just
really emphasizes that bigger push
they're making into cloud. So Saffra
Katz, who has been the CEO for the last
11 years, she's stepping into a new role
as the executive vice chair of the
board. Uh Oracle has has a I mean it's
unusual to see co-CEOs, but they do have
a history of doing this. So they're
obviously comfortable with that
structure, but as we discussed, very
different pay packets because Mike uh
Clay McGor rather even though he's 39
years old, he actually gets a lot more
$250 million. Mike Sicilia, who's 54,
gets hundred million. Annabelle, thank
you so much. Annabelle Jewelers there on
the latest on the tech front today.
Coming up here, uh, coming ahead, coming
up here on the China show. Okay, I feel
like it's Monday. Uh,
>> sizewiped already.
>> I probably need some water. Okay. Uh, I
probably need some medicine. There we
go. Well, we have a really perfect guest
to talk us through that. uh the CEO of
Chinese pharma company Shanghai Henley
will be joining us exclusively to look
at their drug pipeline how they're
preparing for potential US tax and
really what is going on in the biotech
space in China that has really had the
sector uh rallying substantially to the
upside that is coming up next. This is
Boomer.
[Music]
All right, welcome back. Let's look at
China's biotech space. Why not, right?
One of the hot sectors here in in China
focusing particularly on one, right?
This is Shanghai Henley Biotech. This is
a company partially owned by the bigger
Fosen Pharmaceutical Group. Henley is
focused on treating cancer, autoimmune,
and eye diseases, and it has received
approvals to market some of its drugs in
China as well as overseas. Joining us
exclusively now is the company's
executive director and CEO, Jason Ju.
Dr. J, thank you so much for joining us.
Thanks.
>> Lots to talk about, right? I know I know
Henley has focuses mostly on the
biosimilars business, but obviously as
your main revenue driver, you're also
looking at other things too, right? This
pipeline for original innovative drugs.
What is the vision for Henlius?
>> So the vision for Henus is actually we
definitely want to focus on these two
pillars. One is definitely the B similar
business because the bio similar
business can really give us a cash cow
and it can make us more globalizations
because so far we have uh five product
already approved in the market and uh
and these five product already approved
in the exch. So based on this
acceleration of the globalization, we
actually build up the competency on the
GMP competency on the GCP competency.
Our facility has been inspected by you
know the hospitality from the FDA, EMA
all these things and based on these GMP
GCP facilities the competencies we can
we can actually accelerate our
innovative drug development as well. So
the bim business gives us the competency
on the GMP GCP and also give us the
competency on the globalization also
give us the cash call and then based on
that we can invest this money return to
invest on the on the the innovative drug
development.
>> Yeah. Which you know which you allude to
it you know takes a lot more resources a
lot more time a lot more uh
specialization and everything else. So I
guess a little bit more on the bio
similar. So what what objectives have
you given your team? Where do you want
to see that business over the next let's
call it year and a half next 18 months?
>> So the bio similar business we
continuously build up our reputation. Um
for example 5 years ago um our partner
discussion is only limit to those uh not
well-known names but these days actually
a lot of big names they actually come to
us like such as sandals Dr. ready those
are big player in the bio similar
business and they can really do a very
quick commercialization in those big
market like a US and like EU however
they really lack of the competency or
lack of the acceleration efficiencies in
terms of the GMP GCP and they rely on us
so this part I think uh we're getting
more and more stronger and my objective
to the patient to the to the to the team
is like okay we need to get all of the
boss pipeline to be launched in the US
in the EU let's say over the next five
years I think we're going to launch at
least 10 product B similar product in
the EU market in the US market
>> at least 10 so is the priority EU yeah
US what about emerging markets what's
>> yeah I think in terms of B similar
business they need to pick up in terms
of awareness in terms of affordability
all these kind of things but our primary
focus is definitely EU and the US yeah
>> okay and just a question on this is not
a political geopolitical question but
just the changing regulation for example
potential tariffs and does is that in
any way changing the way you look at the
US market as one of your priority
markets or or not at all.
>> Yeah, I think uh in terms of the
regulation from the US FDA or the
regulation from the uh EMA, they
continuously evolving for sure for the
Basil business because it used to be
really huge investment in terms of you
know you guys have to run the big scale
the phase three studies but now they
actually change the regulations like
okay you only focus on phase one studies
in the same time you have to demonstrate
uh similarity on the CMC part. So that
actually they change the regulation.
However, these kind of regulation
actually give uh hers more competency
more confidence because we you know they
actually request us to run a study in
the US in terms of the phase one and
definitely we have this competency
because we have the clinical development
team in the US by ourself.
>> So give us more freedom and more
confidence in this regulation change.
Yeah. I mean the threats are I mean is
is up to as 250% right on on
pharmaceutical imports um how how is the
company particularly preparing for such
a reality if it actually does happen
>> yeah if that such things really happen I
think uh you know the pharmaceutical the
bit beauty of the pharmaceutical
business especially for the innovative
drug is like the cost the cost of goods
only stands for like a one to two% of
the entire drug price so the tariff
increasement um you know if even let's
say 250% or 300%. It it will only make
your costs from 1 to 2% to the two to
6%. So still the huge space of just drug
development is you still have to focus
on not really trying to see okay you
want to change some manufacturing places
and stuff like that you just need to
focus on how you accelerate your drug
development how you find out some of the
differentiating point which is
beneficial to the patient and that's the
focus we have to do you know all the all
the things we have to really find out
the way how to care about the patient
how to address the patient on my medical
needs that's the that's the point we
have to focus rather than just trying to
find some other alternative way in terms
of manufacturing.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know that takes us now into your
other key priority which is innovative
drugs, right? You're using the resources
from one arm hopefully to bolster to
bolster the other. That gets you though
into very a very competitive environment
particularly locally, right? You have a
lot of innovative drug companies in
China as well. What are your plans
around staying competitive? For example,
are you not worried about competition?
And are there specific areas of focus
that you're looking at? That's the area
focus definitely we want to do some
anti-cancer drug and also the you know
>> most of the gym the pharmaceutical
company want to have is to identify a
asset or molecule so called as a
pipeline in a pew pip that means if
there is any molecule which can address
multiple uh cancer indication then that
we call this kind of pipeline asset call
as a pipeline in a queue
>> and H LX43 happened to be in that
nature. Um so this these are kind of
molecule we actually identified three
years ago and now we actually recruit a
lot of patient from the US from Japan
from uh uh from China from Southeast
Asia region and also from the EU as
well. So for this drug it actually has
the potential to be as a pipeline in a
pube
>> that means it's not only addressed one
indication it can be addressed multiple
indication for example so far the
approved the product called pambulism
the katra the the reason why this uh you
know you know attracted so big sales
revenues because they actually have 40
indications and 40 antic cancer
indications and our hlx43 really have
this potential to address many any
indications on any cancer.
>> Um before we let you go, the market has
been paying a lot of
attention into this potential outlicing
deal.
>> Yeah.
>> Of Henley HLX43. I don't want to butcher
this.
>> Yeah.
>> But this is the PDL1 targeting antibbody
drug conjugate.
>> That's why. Yeah.
>> Um we reported last week that you're in
talks with RO J&J about a pretty big
deal. They're talking about several
hundred million dollars up front. What
can you tell us at this point?
>> Yeah. I think the reason why these these
sets sets is so popular is because you
know we actually disclose the data into
two occasions. One occasion is actually
from the ASCO we discuss the data on the
lung cancer part. Now the beauty of
these data is because we actually
address some unameical needs uh in terms
of the lung cancer uh indications
>> and right after that in the in the last
in these months as well uh WCLC we
disclose the data again. Yeah. in terms
of how we get a very very promising
efficacy data the safety data on the n
small cancer patient
>> especially talk about the EGFR white
type patient population so the more data
we disclose then the more addressable
market we're going to address for the
patient so obviously the value of this
assets is getting more and more yeah
>> so that's why I think we attract we
attract a lot of calls request from
those big player for sure but in terms
of the detailed discussion on or you
know some uh you know
>> is the upfront payment is it does it
exceed 1 billion
>> uh this is a very good question but I
think so far I think uh the data we
discuss more then the definitely the
value of the assets getting more and
more so that's the that's the that's the
case
>> well it it's a good thing it's a good
thing
>> it's a good thing and we look forward to
hearing more more updates from you and
your team thank you so much for coming
in
>> thank you
>> despite and amidst the weather uh Dr.
Dr. Jason J there of course executive
director and CEO at at Henley's uh
biotech. Okay. Uh we'll just take a
short break and we will see you all on
the other side of it. This is the China
show. Good morning.
[Music]
All right. Um who's a heavy metal fan?
Um, but yeah, like certainly the
opposite, right? Because it's it's
certainly not heavy metals, but it's
going the opposite way. Certainly with
this the price of gold and some of your
iterations in Australia are moving to
the upside as precious metal keeps
hitting these new highs.
[Music]
Okay, let's have a look at how we're
doing across the region here. It's uh
you know what? I'm not going to spend
too much time on it because there's
nothing happening. Okay, let's move on.
Let's talk about politics, Ivon.
>> Okay, a bipartisan US House delegation
visiting China, right? We've been
tracking this this trip, right? And
calling on Beijing to further open its
markets to American businesses and
that's as the two sides lay the
groundwork for a meeting next month
between presidents Trump and she. Let's
get to our chief Ma Asia correspondent
Stephen Engel on really how receptive
are the Chinese given these overall
strains in this relationship.
>> Yeah, I think again I keep on saying
this both sides are trying to find the
levers that they can use uh for um
laying the groundwork for any kind of
deliverables that either side can get
when she and Trump finally do meet on
the sidelines of APE or when Trump
eventually does make his state visit to
China possibly he says in the beginning
part of 2026. They have a lot of
differences obviously on export
controls, on rare earth magnets, on
other minerals, on soybeans, on you name
it. Uh Tik Tok is sort of the lowhanging
fruit, but even there we don't have a
final signed deal uh yet. That has been
delayed until December 16th or at least
the deadline has been delayed. But it
this is good uh for the optics side
because again this delegation from the
house is the first trip uh of a senior
house delegation to China since pre-
pandemic since 2019. So you have the
former um House Armed Services Committee
chairman Adam Smith from Washington
State. Uh his colleague there Michael
Balgartner also from Washington State, a
Democrat and Republican. So yes, it's
bipartisan. They are there. They met
with Lee Chang, the premier on day one.
They met with Khali Fun on day two who's
the chief negotiator for the Chinese in
these trade negotiations. Uh they've
also met with the defense minister Dong
Jun. Uh so they're meeting fairly high
level people. Uh I understand that
there's going to be a press conference
momentarily. There are the flags. I
would assume this is at the uh Beijing
Dashan the the embassy there in Beijing.
U we'll have to see what they have to
say how their couple of days in Beijing
have panned out. Are there items on the
table in terms of
items to negotiate? So I, you know, I I
keep thinking about will they continue
to push US agricultural
uh produce for example because you know
we talked about it this week, right? It
is of course harvest season. Soybean
farmers are waiting for Chinese orders
which we understand haven't quite come
in.
>> No, they haven't come at all because the
marketing season starts September 1st
and along with the harvest season and
traditionally the orders would have come
in by now. Uh so it's not surprising if
you look at this delegation Washington
state, Washington state, California,
Pennsylvania, these are highly agrarian
states. So they are obviously going
there to say what can we ship? I know
I'm from Washington State so I know they
they ship beef, they ship wheat, they
ship uh cherries, they ship apples, they
ship airplane parts, they ship hay.
>> You know, you can you can put two and
two together. They are trying obviously
to help their farmers and that's
happening across uh America the soybeans
from whether it's Iowa, Kansas, other
places. Obviously they are feeling the
pressure to the point where we've
already heard the agricultural
department talking about maybe coming up
with some sort of financial aid for
farmers given that the Chinese are not
buying. The Chinese have diversified
their sourcing from places like Brazil
and elsewhere. It gives the Chinese
leverage and you cannot be surprised
that they would do that. They found
leverage with rare earth magnets.
They're finding leverage perhaps with
soybeans.
>> Yeah. And you know part some of the data
that we've looked at as well, right?
They've also stockpiled
um ahead of ahead of January of course
and there are those inventories there.
Steve, thank you so much. Uh Stephen
Engel, our chief North Asia uh
correspondent, right? Uh we'll stay in
the US uh conversation here. Of course,
less than a week into his tenure,
Federal Reserve Governor Steven Myron is
actually making the case for really
aggressive rate cuts. That shouldn't be
surprising. But if you listen to this,
out of the the Bloomberg Economic, well,
speaking to Bloomberg at the Economic
Club of New York, uh the the Trump
appointee told us why he wants a total
of 150 basis points of rate cuts this
year.
I expect the second half of the year and
into next year to be better in terms of
growth than the first half of this year.
Um, in large part because a lot of the
effects of of the tax bill are going to
be kicking in and you know trade
uncertainty is dissipating. But I view a
lot of that as also expanding the supply
side at the same time as the as the
demand side. And so, as I said, if
actual output and potential output are
moving out at the same time, it doesn't
imply a necessarily hawkish or much much
tighter policy because the output cap
isn't expanding if they're both moving
out at the same time. Instead, my view
is that policy is is is roughly two
points too restrictive, which is
considerably restrictive. And uh even
though I am expecting growth to be a
little bit better in the future that
could get derailed uh unnecessarily so
and create an output gap where one need
not exist uh if we don't get policy
closer to neutral. Now that said because
of the distance to neutral my view is
it's better to move there more quickly
than less quickly. It's not a panic you
know I think a panicky move would be
something like 75 basis points or even
more. Uh I don't I'm not I'm not
panicked. I just see that the risks grow
the longer you remain significantly
above neutral. You're you have company
among your new colleagues at the Fed in
your neutral rate forecast, but nobody
wants to move quite as quickly as you
do. What is it that concerns you about
the labor market?
>> Well, we learned that the first half of
the year was not as strong as we would
have liked it to have been. Uh we
learned that the labor market continued
to lose momentum throughout last year
and and into the first half of this
year. And that to me means that even
though I think that growth is going to
pick up for various reasons, there are
concerns that hey, things had been
moving in the wrong direction and if you
keep policy this degree of restrictive
for too long, you're not going to allow
things to move in the other direction.
And so you're going to create a
situation in which NAPO cap expands. And
so in my opinion, it's imperative that
we get closer to neutral quickly. And so
I thought three, you know, sort of a
series of 50s to recalibrate interest
rates was the appropriate policy. And
you don't see that as panic?
>> No, I don't see that as panic. I mean,
if I were panicking, I would tell people
I were panicking.
>> Um, all right.
A lot of businesses say that you you
talk in your speech and just now about
how uh rates are too restrictive, but a
lot of businesses that I've been uh
hearing from reading different reports
and analyses show that some of the
pullback in investments is not due to uh
the restrictive rate environment but has
to do with policy related uncertainty.
How do you counter that? Well, I mean, I
think that uh you know, there's a lot of
different interest rates in the economy
and a lot of different types of
investment. And so, for sure, there are
parts of the economy that have been
affected by that. And as I said before,
I do think that that that type of
uncertainty is not totally gone, but I
think it's certainly less than it was a
few months ago. However, if you look at
other sectors like housing, you know, I
think it's very clear that rates are
that rates are the, you know, that rates
are the primary impediment to to
investing in in housing and and building
more housing. uh at the moment um you
know I don't think that that's a
function of trade policy uncertainty.
>> All right. Um so far no signs of panic
except of course the the what to watch
out for in case there's a sign of panic
there. They'll they'll say it. The uh so
we're looking at markets right now
picked up a little bit of momentum to
the downside about an hour in. So Hen
Tech was down about as much as 2%. Uh
certainly BU has we're seeing some
profit taking as far as the stock is
concerned. biggest drop I believe since
April uh in terms of buy look at the
number in the Shanghai comp right 3794
let's see how we close today because the
3,800 level has been well not just a r
nice round number like the 4500 and the
CSI 300 that's actually where support
has held in the last let's call it month
or so in fact the chart coming up on
your screen simply highlights and
underscores and as you can see 3,800
with the exception of one day the
benchmark has actually closed above that
level uh with the exception of one and
we'll see of course we're currently
trading below it right side of your
screens and we'll see if the if the
support holds as we go into the thick of
the Tuesday session plhead this is
Bloomberg
[Music]
right we're just picking off uh picking
up where we left off here. So, we
mentioned this sort of decline we're
seeing in tech and by we've been talking
about that. We're trying to figure out
what the trigger is, but it's perhaps
it's just the the rally.
>> Yeah, I think um something analyst is
saying it's it's pretty natural because
given the rally that we saw, I think
we're it was a 50% jump in the stock
price this month alone. So, maybe you
know some profit taking of course uh
given what we've been seeing so far
here. But um you know when when you're
talking about the core business which is
advertising is still something of a
weaker story for BYU you know it's
there's still a lot of question marks
about whether the earnings visibility
when it comes to AI you know is it there
uh right now so I think people might be
questioning that a little bit here right
now but still rem the best performing
stock on the hang tech this month. Yeah.
>> Alone.
>> Even after this one, right? Even after
the 6% drop. I mean, it could be what's
that John Mir song, Gravity, right?
>> Yeah.
>> That Okay. Okay.
>> Have we talked about Baby Shirt yet?
We're not that IPO coming up.
>> Well, okay. Well, stick around for a few
minutes.
>> Um, uh, in the meantime, in the
meantime, we're looking at Alibaba here.
So, we talked about BO 6%. ABA um so
according to sources is trying to beef
up its roster uh vendors for its on on
its online retail uh portal AliExpress
by attracting bign names like Amazon for
example. Uh let's bring in Luzen our
tech reporter to help us understand what
Alibaba is planning to do to attract uh
these very big foreign names to join
AliExpress.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me. So
AliExpress which is the global uh
e-commerce site for Alibaba uh is trying
to is trying very hard launching a
campaign to attract more uh top brands
from Amazon to join its platform. Uh
first off it's offering lower cost which
is all including lower shipping fee and
also the commission fee which is uh the
uh the percentage of the money that the
sellers need to pay the platform for
every deal that they make uh on the
platform. Uh and of course uh a lot of
brands especially Chinese brands they're
already on the Alibaba ecosystem. It's a
massive e-commerce system. They already
sell on Taba Teemo and then AliExpress
is also hoping to tap into that resource
and try to convince them to join the
overseas website as well.
>> How competitive is it right now? I mean
how is AliExpress doing overseas?
>> Yes. So uh AliExpress is only one of
Alibaba's overseas e-commerce platforms.
It is not particularly competitive
compared to uh PDD's Teeu and also the
fashion website Sheen. Uh it's uh but
it's it has a longer history and it
operates across the world especially
Europe and Latin America. Alibaba in
particularly has uh also another
overseas e-commerce platform. It's
called Lazada. It's focused on Southeast
Asia and also the domest domestic
platform Tao is also selling overseas
but mainly for overseas Chinese to use.
All right, a little more AliExpress here
today. Um, but yeah, certainly watch one
to watch here when it comes to Baba and
the like here. Uh, L Ding, Bloomberg
Tech reporter here. And staying on tech,
we did also hear from Arc Investments
Kathy Wood. She also weighed in on this
whole US China and this whole Tik Tok
deal and what this means.
>> Tik Tok has uh been an amazing company,
has taught us a lot. This is what I mean
about Chinese competition. They taught
our companies a lot. I will say I will
say that a company called Vine in the US
was the precursor and Twitter at the
time bought it was not able to activate
it in the way Tik Tok has and Tik Tok
ran away with that.
>> So would you would you want a piece of
it?
>> You know we have to do a deeper dive
when we get into the data room.
>> Right. Uh let's have a look at some
other corporate stories that we're
tracking at this point. So big move up
overnight. not Fiser but this other one
related to the Fiser store certainly
will pay $4.9 billion for startup Metsa
in a bid here to catch up into the
anti-obesity market after failing of
course to compete with its own
medications and Meter surged more than
60% on the news of the deal that the
company's developing experimental weight
loss drugs including a shot that could
actually be taken less frequently than
market leading products of course out of
its peers in the industry. Okay, let's
have a look at shares of luxury maker,
in case you missed it, uh Porsche, after
it fell, of course after it scaled back
its electric vehicle plans, it shelved a
future battery powered SUV and will now
introduce more combustion engine and
hybrid models. Now, the pivot will
result in a $2.1 billion hit to
operating profit. Now, facing well
forcing the company and also Volkswagen
to slash their outlooks for the for the
year. shares have lost half as you can
see their value since uh the listing
back in 2022.
>> All right. What did I say? Baby Shark.
Ah, yes. The maker of them is swimming
towards a sole IPO. Right. We're talking
about the ping pong company has won
preliminary approval to list and is
seeking to raise up to $55 million. The
YouTube hit watched more than get this
16 billion times. Dave helped the firm
post nearly $72 million in sales last
year. We are hearing that Marray Acid
and Samson securities are arranging that
deal.
>> They didn't bring up the sound, Dave.
>> No.
>> For all of us, please.
>> For all our ears.
>> No.
>> Saving them.
>> Yeah. No, that's not the last thing you
want to hear as we head into this. 55
million.
>> Quite a quite a quite a decent amount.
>> Yeah. But no, they're talking about
what's that song? Despacito.
>> Yes. What about that?
>> That's the second most watched on
YouTube. And it's not even close to how
many times it's been viewed. I think
it's like I think it's like less than
half or about half.
>> Eight billion views I believe.
>> And 16 billion for this one, right?
>> For Baby Shark.
>> I mean,
>> for the last decade, it's been number
one most watched video.
>> I mean,
>> doesn't say there's a place in time for
everything. I mean, this is certainly
entertainment, but it underscores
in some way what is wrong with the
world. if something like this catches a
lot of attention. But things like
science, understanding the universe,
trying to get to the bottom of, you
know, what causes cancer
>> or maybe gets 5,000 views.
>> Yeah.
>> When we were talking about this earlier
on, I confused this. What was it that
the with the with the pencil and the the
pineapple with the What was that?
>> Oh, pineapple pen.
>> Pineapple pen. I'm sorry. Pencil and the
pineapple. Clearly clearly I'm not I'm
not the audience for this one. And
there's a typhoon on coming here. We'll
talk more about this in a moment. This
is the China show.
[Music]
Right. Uh welcome back. You're watching
the China show. We'll take you straight
back now to Beijing where of course you
have US a group of US lawmakers
at the capital of course holding this
briefing in in Beijing. We'll uh it's
just actually started a couple of
minutes late and certainly we will be uh
getting you more updates once we have
more information from what's coming out
there and of course as you can see on
the screens they are taking questions
from uh this massive cohort of me that's
gathered there in the room. Among them,
of course, on there is of course David
Purdue, of course, the US ambassador to
uh to China as well. And yes, go ahead.
>> The representative Adam Smith, he's a
Democrat on the House Armed Services
Committee. Also, Michael Bombgartner
there, a Republican member of that
committee as well. So, a delegation
certainly we'll get to the details once
we hear more on what came out of this
trip uh in Beijing. And some other world
news this morning, the White House says
doctors may be exempt from a new
$100,000 H1B visa fee. The
administration confirmed that the
Homeland Security Secretary can wave the
cost if hiring foreign doctors is deemed
to be in the national interest.
Hospitals warned the fee could worsen
shortages in rural America, where
international physicians are often
critical. President Trump says his
administration is linking the active
ingredient in Tylenol to autism and
urging pregnant women not to take it.
Shares of the product maker Kenu
reversed some losses after the bell
after slumping to a record low. The
company says independent sound science
shows taking acettoin does not cause
autism.
>> So taking Tylenol
is uh uh not good. All right, I'll say
it. It's not good.
For this reason, they are strongly
recommending that women limit Tylenol
use during pregnancy unless medically
necessary.
Disney says Jimmy Kimmel Live program
will return on Tuesday, ending a
suspension imposed over his remarks
about the murder of conservative
activist Charlie Kirk. The company says
it reached the decision after having
quote thoughtful conversations with the
host. Sources say Kimmel will address
the controversy over his Kirk comments
when he returns to the stage.
>> Okay. Um we're bracing for this massive
super typhoon that is less than about 24
hours of course from um being felt here
in Hong Kong. A glance at exactly where
it is at the moment. I believe that is a
view. Just give me a second here. Is
that right now? That should that
actually I think the hyphoon should be
further close. In fact, can we just fast
forward on this? we need.com. Anyway, uh
it should be the world's strongest super
typhoon of course this year and we're
certainly bracing for this in many many
ways here Ivon.
>> Yeah, we talked about everything from
flights to even potentially the exchange
is now really kind of closely monitoring
the situation whether they can actually
continue to be open uh tomorrow as well,
but also even just the potential for
some of these IPOs and big listings to
actually be delayed as well. Um, but
certainly when it comes to the insurance
side, I'm guessing they're going to be
very busy the next few days. And Blooper
Intelligence thinks that Ragasa could be
Hong Kong's costliest storm since 2018
with insurance claims potentially
topping, get this, $100 million.
>> Okay. Yeah. Let's get a sense of, you
know, those numbers and the
probabilities around, of course, to what
extent we can extrapolate those numbers.
Steven Lamb of course is with us here on
set. Just to help us understand how you
know this is of course a big story of
course in the insurance industry like
what what is top of mind for you and how
are we coming up with these numbers.
>> Yeah actually a lot of things concern me
uh first of all the wind speed uh the
approach is very similar to manoot uh
based on the latest data that we we saw
uh released by the Hong Kong
Observatory. I think this at the center
right now is close to 200 kilometers
when it comes close to Hong Kong. Right.
So the proximity is also another another
concern. If it gets to say within even
within a 100 kilometers outside of Hong
Kong, the wind that we can get sometimes
the gusts can be over 200 kilometers per
hour. Okay, so that's hurricane that's
definitely hurricane force uh force
wind.
I guess last but not the least is the um
is the storm surge, right? So if you
look at the track of Hato and Manoot,
these two espec specifically for Manoot,
the storm surges were enormous, right?
So actually the Hong Kong Observatory
just released some estimate on what kind
of storm surges we can expect. So we can
expect about 2 meters of water, right,
above astronomical tide. So as a
reference, Manoot did 2.7 meters and
Hato did 1.4. So we're right in between
the hate and manood, right? So for the
folks that are living near the
coastlines, please please you know uh
brace yourselves for for those kind of
impact. Now uh obviously there's a third
one that that I need to mention as well
is the potential of torrential rain.
Remember for the black rain event, the
storm back back then 2023 wasn't too
wasn't too bad, right? in terms of wind
damage, but the remnants of the storm,
the the amount of torrential rain that
it can bring, you know, we can only tell
when we actually see it. But that's also
another risk factor that we need to uh
be prepared. Um I guess for the public,
right? Um the good thing is that uh the
public is very well prepared for this.
You know, there's a lot of AI models. We
got these things like days in advance.
And obviously from the lessons of 2018,
2017, and 2023 black rain, I hope the
public is more prepared for this time.
>> Uh in terms of insurers, which one I
mean can take who's going to be the one
that's going to be looking at a lot of
these premiums and whether whether it's
motor, whether it's property lines, I
mean,
>> yeah.
>> What are you tracking?
>> So the general insurance industry in
Hong Kong, it's it's kind of weird in a
sense that a lot of the big players are
actually international companies. So
Hong Kong itself is not a huge source of
risk for them. Okay.
>> But if you look at just Hong Kong alone,
right, the top players in the motor and
the property uh segment would be the
likes of AXA, the Zurich of the world.
Uh some of the Chinese insurance calls,
China, Taiping, even Bo. Um, so these
companies, you know, the good thing
about them is that they're they're
they're usually large conglomerate that
they have other sources to weather these
kind of, uh, claims, uh, if you will.
But if you just look at the Hong Kong
industry alone, I'm I'm, you know, I'm
I'm quite convinced that this one, if it
does get to the level that we're
expecting, uh, from the Hong Kong
Observatory, uh, hundred million US
dollar is only a start.
>> Yeah. Oh,
>> okay. Well, let's I I mean it sincerely.
Let's hope they're wrong and let's hope
you're wrong. Steven Lamb, of course.
Yeah. Bloomberg intelligence analyst
there. Uh yeah, because you talk about
that number. Uh it's hard to underscore
the the tragedy of course as it pertains
to course other non-monetary damage here
going into going into this one.
>> Um and and really I I think this is the
time when things are starting to get
busy, right? I think people are going to
start heading home soon. School's
already been suspended for the next two
days and certainly there's going to be a
lot of watch of what happens when it
comes to the market, right? But we've
already seen that, you know, you know,
the the the regional airlines and the
like are really taking proper
precautions here. The fact that Cafe
Pacific has basically shut down most of
their flights for the next two days is
quite telling.
>> Okay, so to everyone out there, if
you're nearby, stay safe, stay dry.
We'll see you all tomorrow.
[Music]